Overview of the Conference

This conference is thesecond in series of International Conference on New Frontiers in Chemical, Energy and Environmental Engineering (INCEEE). The first edition of INCEEE was conducted during 20-21, March 2015 as a part of Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the Department. INCEEE-2019 is being conducted as a part of Diamond Jubilee Celebrations of the Institute. 

Sustainability is the key Mantra for equitable growth for very long periods of time. Sustainability is all pervasive, that is it finds its place in chemical processing, energy harnessing, mineral exploration, material development and all related technologies. Product and process development, simulation and modelling have added new dimensions to the advancements in these fields of research. Chemical Engineering has more recently embraced biomolecular engineering concepts to widen its scope. Chemical Engineers shoulder the responsibility of ensuring that their activities are environmentally benign, while improving the health and wellbeing of all citizens.

In this context, the second international conference on chemical, energy and environmental engineering is planned to provide a platform for comprehensive dissemination of knowledge and exchange of ideas in related fields among the academicians, scientists and industry people.


Thematic Areas
INCEEE-2019 welcomes research papers on the following topics but not limited to:
•	Carbon Capture, Utilization, Sequestration
•	Composite Materials
•	Environmental Biotechnology and Biochemical Engineering
•	Environmental Pollution Control
•	Green Technology
•	Instrumentation and Process Control
•	Molecular Dynamic Simulations
•	NanomaterialsSynthesis &Characterization
•	Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals
•	Pharmaceutical Engineering
•	Process and Product Development
•	Process Intensification
•	Process Modeling, Simulation & Optimization
•	Reaction Engineering and Catalysis 
•	Renewable Energy Resources
•	Transport Processes
•	Waste Management

Call for abstracts
Authors    should    submit    an    abstract    of   their    original, unpublished   work   innot   exceeding 300 words. The abstract format can be downloaded from   the   conference website.  The   abstract must be mailed to inceee2019@gmail.com. 

Important Dates
Abstract submission:		30th Nov 2018
Notification of Acceptance: 	15th Dec 2018
Full paper submission: 		15th Jan 2019
Early bird Registration:		01st Jan 2019
Registration Deadline:		20th Jan 2019

Proceedings
All the abstracts accepted after peer review from registered participants will be publishedintheconference   proceedings with ISBN number. Efforts are on for publishing select papers presented   at   INCEEE 2019 in SCI and Scopus indexed journals (as special issue).

Select papers will be rewarded with Best paper (Oral and Poster) Awards at the conference.

Registration: For registration, please fill the online form available in the conference website under registration tab and pay the requisite registration fee (as per the details given below). At least one author should register per paper. 

Conference registration fee includes kit, proceedingsand admission to all technical sessions, lunch, conference dinner, tea/coffee and snacks. It does not include accommodation. Accommodation details,list of nearby Hotels and their tariff will be updated on the conference website.
Category	Early bird registration	Regular registration
	Indian (INR)	Others (USD)	Indian (INR)	Others (USD)
Academia and R&D centers	2500	200	3000	250
Industry delegates	5000	300	6000	350
PG &Research Scholars 	1500	100	2000	150
Accompanying /Non-presenting Persons	1500	100	2000	150


Registration fee along with the accommodation fee (if required) may be sent in the form of DD in favor of Convener – INCEEE-2019payable at Warangal or remitted through On-line / NEFT to the below mentioned Bank Account. 

Account Name	Convener – INCEEE-2019
Account No.	xxxxxxxxxxx
Bank	State Bank of India
Branch	RECWarangal (NIT Campus)
Branch Code	20149
IFSC	SBIN0020149
MICR Code	506002030 
SWIFT Code	SBININBB

Keynote Speakers


Prof. Ibrahim Dincer, University of Ontorio Institute of Technology, Canada. 
http://www.engineering.uoit.ca/people/amme/faculty/ibrahim.dincer.php

Prof. Iftekhar Abubakar KARIMI, National University of Singapore, Singapore. 
http://www.chbe.nus.edu.sg/faculty/cheiak



Technical Advisory Committee

Prof (Rtd.). M. Chidambaram, IIT Madras, Chennai
Prof. A. B. Pandit, ICT Mumbai, Mumbai
Prof. Andrzej Górak, TU Dortmund University,      Germany
Prof. Anuj Chauhan, Colorado School of Mines, USAProf. Henrik Leion, Chalmers University of  Technology, Sweden
Prof. Ingmar Nopens, Ghent University, Belgium 
Prof. M. Ashok Kumar, University of Melbourne, Australia
Prof. Maria Norberta de Pinho, Instituto Superio       Technico, Lisbon, Portugal
Prof. P. S. T Sai, IIT Madras, Chennai
Prof. Ravindra Gudi, IIT Bombay, Mumbai
Prof. Sreenivas Jayanti, IIT Madras, Chennai
Prof. Zoltan K Nagy, Purdue University, USA

About the Institute and Warangal
The National Institute of Technology (NIT), Warangal is the first in the chain of 31 NITs, Institutes of National Importance established by Act of Parliament. Late Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru laid the foundation stone for this institute on October 10, 1959. The institute is well-known for its Research and Development, Industrial Consultancy, Continuing Education and Training programmes for teachers, professionals and industrial personnel. The institute is about to enter its 60 year of the establishment on 10 October 2018. Year-long Diamond Jubilee Celebrations are planned. 

Warangal is known for its rich historical and cultural heritage. It is situated at a distance of 140 km from Hyderabad. Warangal is well connected by rail and road. National Institute of Technology, Warangal campus is 2 km away from Kazipet railway station and 12 km away from Warangal railway station.

About the Department
The Department of Chemical Engineering was established in the year 1964 and celebrated Golden Jubilee in the year 2014. The Department offers B.Tech in Chemical Engineering, M.Tech in Chemical Engineering& Process Control and Ph.D programs. Currently, the Department has 18 faculty members with expertise in diverse research areas. The Department has good research facilities for both experimental as well as simulation based research.

Patron
Prof. N. V. Ramana Rao, Director
National Institute of Technology, Warangal

Convener
Prof. A. Sarath Babu
Head of the Department

Coordinators
Prof. A. Venu Vinod
Dr. P. V. Suresh
Dr, S, Muralimohan

Organizing Committee
Prof. Y. Pydi Setty
Prof. Shirish H Sonawane
Prof. K. Anand Kishore
Dr. K. Srivani
Dr. S. Srinath
Dr. A. Seshagiri Rao
Dr. S. Vidyasagar
Dr. T. Sunil Kumar
Dr. G. Uday Bhaskar Babu
Dr. V. Ramsagar
Dr. K. Raghu Raja Pandiyan
Dr. S. Manigandan
Dr. K. S. Rajmohan
Dr. K. Manohar
Dr. P. M. Satya Sai
Address for Correspondence
Coordinators, INCEEE-2019,
Department of Chemical Engineering,
National Institute of Technology,
Warangal - 506 004, Telangana State, India.
Phone: +91-8332969396, 402, 403
Fax: 0870-2459547
E-mail: inceee2019@gmail.com
Website: 
2ndInternational Conference on
New Frontiers in Chemical, Energy and Environmental Engineering (INCEEE - 2019)
February15 - 16, 2019

 

On the occasion of Diamond Jubilee of 
NIT Warangal

Call for Registration and Participation

 

Organized by

Department of Chemical Engineering
National Institute of Technology
Warangal – 506 004, Telangana State
India 

Sponsored by

TEQIP III
