Dr. Sukhbir Singh Sandhu,IAS,
Addl.Secretary,(H.E.) MHRD
 
Dr. Sukhbir Singh Sandhu belongs to the IAS batch of 1988 of Uttarakhand cadre. Currently he is serving as the Additional Secretary of Education in Ministry of Human Resource and Development. He is responsible for IITs, NITs, IIITs, TE, SPA,TEQIP and Vigilance. Earlier he has served as Additional Secretary of Central Universities & Language ofHuman Resource and Development. 
Shri Navin Mittal, IAS 
Commissioner, CE&TE,GoT, Hyd.
 
Shri Navin Mittal belongs to the 1996 batch of the Indian Administrative Service assigned to the Telangana cadre. He is a B. Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from the prestigious Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. He stood All India 3rd in Civil Services Examinations in 1995.
As Commissioner for Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation, his works in the area of e-governance and Sanitation won the CRISIL Award in 2003 & 2005 for the Corporation. As Project Director of ITDA, his works have been recognized by the World Bank. As Collector and District Magistrate of Krishna District, he has been instrumental in successfully completing the Kolleru Operation in 2006. As Collector & District Magistrate of Hyderabad District, Shri Navin Mittal has actively worked on up gradation of Government schools, rescue and rehabilitation of child labor and destitute children and regulation of school fees. As Secretary of State Election Commission, he was instrumental in holding free and fair elections to more than 25000 Local Bodies in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
As Special Commissioner of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, he has been instrumental in tripling the revenue of the corporation in last 5 years. This has won the appreciation of the Prime Minister of India. He has driven the e-governance initiatives in GHMC, the notable among them being the e-Governance award given by Union Minister for Urban Development to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation.
 
Shri VLVSS Subba Rao 
Sr. Economic Advisor, MHRD
 
Shri Vedula LVSS Subba Rao joined the Indian Economic Service in 1985. He did his B.A. in 1981 from University of Madras and M.A. in Economics in 1983 from University of Delhi. Currently he is serving as the Economic Advisor to the Ministry of Human Resource and Development and is responsible for IISERs, IISc, GIAN, HEFA, Skill Development,Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat, SBA, PWD,PG, SC/ST Cell, NER and Technical Coordination. In the past, he has held notable positions of Economic Adviser to Ministry of Labor and Employment, Adviser and Director to Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Director to Ministry of Rural Development.    



 
Prof. Anil D. Sahasrabudhe
Chairman, AICTE

 
Prof. Anil DattatrayaSahasrabudhe, Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Guwahati joined All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) as Chairman on 17th July 2015. Prof. Anil D. Sahasrabudhe graduated from BVB College of Engineering and Technology, Hubli affiliated to Karnataka University, Dharwad, Karnataka in Mechanical Engineering with First Rank and Gold medal in 1980. Subsequently, he obtained Master's and Doctoral (with UGC Fellowship) degrees from Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore in 1982 and 1989 respectively.
Prof. Anil D. Sahasrabudhe in his illustrious career of 31 years held several important Academic, Research and Administrative positions. He started his career as Scientific Officer, at Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore in 1983 and moved to Tata Consulting Engineers (TCE) as Engineer in the same year. He served as Lecturer and Assistant Professor at North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and Technology (NERIST), Itanagar (Arunachal Pradesh) from 1987-1988 & again from 1989-1995, before joining IIT Guwahati as Associate Professor in 1995 and has been serving as Professor since 1999. Also, he served as Director, College of Engineering, Pune (CoEP) since 2006 on deputation from IIT, Guwahati prior to joining as AICTE Chairman. As an Academician and Researcher in NERIST and IIT Guwahati, and as an Administrator in the capacity of Director, CoEP, he has taken up several new initiatives for Academic, Curricular & Co-curricular activities, Entrepreneurship, Research and Good Governance.
Prof. Anil D. Sahasrabudhe is presently working as Chairman & Expert Member on various National Level Committees. Some of these include; Chairman, Basic Scientific Research (BSR), Empowered Committee of UGC, SWAYAM Board and Chairman BOG of NIT Itanagar. He was awarded with "Maha-Intrapreneur Award-2011" of Praj Industries, Pune for his Leadership and Innovative abilities in the area of Technology Development and Entrepreneurship initiatives.
Prof. Surendra Prasad, 
Chairperson, NBA
 
Prof. Surendra Prasad, did his graduate studies in electronics and electrical communication engineering and after passing B.Tech from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur in 1969, he moved to the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi from where he completed M.Tech in 1971. Subsequently, he joined IIT Delhi the same year as a member of faculty and simultaneously enrolled for his doctoral studies there to secure a PhD in 1974. In 1976, he took a sabbatical to work at Loughborough University of Technology as a visiting research fellow and returning to India in 1977, he resumed his career at IIT Delhi where he served till his superannuation as the director, a post he held from 2006 to 2011. In between, he had a second stint abroad at Pennsylvania State University as a visiting faculty during 1985-86. At IIT Delhi, he served in various positions as a professor, coordinator of the Bharti School of Telecom Technology and Management (BSTTM), Dean of Undergraduate Studies and deputy director. Post-retirement, he is an Usha Chair Professor at IIT Delhiand an Emeritus professor at BSTTM. He is an eminent educationist and Researcher and has received numerous recognitions for teaching and research, including among others, the VikramSarabhaiResearch Award in Electronics and Telecommunications for the year 1987, the Shanti SwarupBhatnagar Prize for Engineering Sciences for 1988, the Om Prakash Bhasin Prize for research in Electronics and Communications for 1994, the VASVIK award for Information Technology for 2006, the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Systems Society of India (2011), the distinguished alumnus award of IIT Kharagpur and was Honoured with an honorary doctorate by the Loughborough University, U.K. (2007). He is a Fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering, the Indian National Science Academy, the Indian Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Science and has been a member of the Governing Body of CSIR and CSIR Society, Govt. of India and numerous boards of IIT’s, NIT’s and other engineering Institutions. He currently serves as the chair of the National Board of Accreditation (NBA), an autonomous agency of the All India Council of Technical Education
 
Prof. Sandeep Sancheti
President, AIU, New Delhi
 
Dr. Sandeep Sancheti, known as Institution Builder, holds a Ph.D. from Queens University of Belfast UK, after obtaining a B.Tech (ECE) from Regional Engineering College, Warangal (now NITW) and M.Sc (Engg) from Delhi College of Engineering (now DTU) in 1982 and 1985 respectively. He is now the Vice Chancellor, SRMIST, Chennai. Prior to this he was the President of Manipal University, Jaipur, Director National Institute of Technology, Delhi (NITD) and Director NITK Surathkal. He has also served as Director In-charge, NIT Tiruchirapally, NIT Calicut, School of Planning & Architecture (SPA) Delhi and Mentor Director, NIT Goa, NIT Puducherry and NIT Sikkim. DrSancheti began his professional career at MBM Engineering College, Jodhpur, as Assistant Professor in the Department of ECE in 1984 and later moved to Malaviya Regional Engineering College, Jaipur (now MNIT) as Associate Professor in 1990. 
He is the Recipient of the Commonwealth Scholarship & Fellowship under Colombo Plan from 1992-95. He was also awarded the SERC Fellowship by DST, Government of India in 1998 and the UKISTRF Award by the British Council in 1999-2000. Currently he serves as the Vice President of Association of Indian Universities (AIU) New Delhi




 
Prof. S Sadagopan
Director, IIIT Bangalore
 
Professor Sadagopan is an educator, educational administrator, researcher, consultant and an outstanding communicator – all rolled into one. He is the Founder Director of the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Bangalore (IIITB) since 1999. Earlier he had taught at IIT Kanpur and IIM Bangalore, for two decades. Moreover, he had also taught at IIT - Madras, India, Rutgers - New Jersey, USA, and AIT - Bangkok, Thailand for up to one full year, in addition to short term visits to MIT, Stanford, Purdue, and U Washington in USA; Nijenrode in Europe; RMIT, UNSW and UWS in Australia; NUS and Temasek in Singapore; and ADBI, UNU and Nagaoka in Japan; some of the best universities around the world. He has authored two textbooks - Management Information Systems (Prentice Hall 1995) and ERP - A Managerial Perspective (Tata McGraw Hill 1999). He has contributed chapters to several books – Handbook of Information Systems (Academic Press 2002), Business Process Reengineering – Advancing the state-of-the-art, (Kluwer 1999), Management Perspectives (Macmillan, 1999) and Saket InfoTech Handbook (Saket, 1999)
Professor consults extensively to some of the largest private & public sector corporations in India, in Computing, Communications, Software, Automotive, Oil and Power industries as well as social sector. He is a member of the Board of Directors of several private and public sector corporations; he is also a member of the Board of Studies of several Universities.
He was a Fulbright Scholar in 1995 and his name is listed in Marquis’s Who's Who in the World since 1997. He is Member of the ACM, IEEE – Computer Society and AIS; he is a Life Member of the Computer Society of India and represents India in the TC9 Sub-committee of the International Federation of Information Processing Societies (IFIP)
Professor Sadagopan writes frequently on several aspects of IT in the columns of India’s leading newspapers - Times of India & Economic Times and IT magazines - Computers Today, Dataquest & CIO India Magazine.
Prof. Debashish Chatterjee 
Director, IIM Kozhikode
 
Prof. Debashis Chatterjee served as a Visiting Professor of McMaster University, Canada; EXCEPEAP, Paris, France and Reims School of Management, Reims France. Prof. Chatterjee also functioned as Dean, Leadership Centre at S.P. Jain Centre of Management, Singapore. He served as Co-Convenor of Management Center for Human Values at IIM Kolkata. Prof. Chatterjee's administrative experience includes his functioning as Chairman of Placement at IIM Lucknow; Dean of Singapore International Campus at SPJCM; Head of Center for Leadership and Human Values at IIM Lucknow and Regional Head, HR, GIC. He has taught for more than a decade in IIM Lucknow and IIM Kolkata. He pioneered and founded the Global Center for Leadership and Human Values at the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow. He serves as a Director of Aegis Private Ltd. and Kerala State Financial Corpn.Ltd. He currently serves as Director and Member of Board of Governors at Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode. He served as a Director of Kerala Financial Corporation since February 6, 2010 until January 25, 2011. He served as a Director of Jyothy Consumer Products Limited since September 11, 2009 until May 31, 2011. He served as a Director of AGC Networks Ltd from August 31, 2010 to December 19, 2011. Prof. Chatterjee has trained more than 10,000 managers globally in Fortune 100 Corporations. He has served as leadership coach to Chief Executive Officer's and is a pioneer in the field of Asian models in leadership. His five published books include Leading Consciously (Foreword by Peter M. Senge), Leadership Sutras (Elsevier) and Break Free (Penguin) which have been translated into several international languages. His latest book, Timeless Leadership, is published internationally by Jossey Bass and Wiley in 2010. He has been featured in the international media including Gurdian and London Times, UK and The Financial Review, Australia and The Economic Times, India. He has written regular columns for national periodicals including The Times of India. Prof. Chatterjee has directed Executive Development Programmes on Leadership, Self-Management and Learning Organization for over 10000 Managers in more than 100 Companies in all six continents of the world. Some of the large organizations that have benefited from his programmes include Motorola Inc., Ford Motor Company, British Petroleum, AT&T, 3M, Infosys Technologies Ltd., Tata Steel, Monash University, University of St. Thomas, USA and Lucent Technologies. He was described as one of the "thought leaders" of the world by Prof. John Kotler of the Harvard Business School for his contribution to the theory and practice of leadership. He was a Visiting Professor at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. His professional career has been a blend of international professional and academic experience in India, United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, South East Asia and South Africa. He has been ACC Research Fellow, IIM Kolkata, Pre-Doctoral Fulbright Fellow, UST and MIT and Post-Doctoral Fulbright Fellow, Harvard University. Prof. Chatterjee served as Visiting Lecturer/ taught in the MBA Programme at the University of St. Thomas, Minnesota and at the Harvard Graduate School of Business. Prof. Chatterjee holds a Ph.D. in Management from Kennedy School of Government at Harvard Univesity and Master Degree in Personnel Management

Prof. AbhayKarandikar
Director, IIT Kanpur
 
Prof. AbhayKarandikar received his M.Tech. and then a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from IIT Kanpur in 1988 and 1994, respectively. Following it, he joined the high performance computing group of the Center for Development of Advanced Computing. In April 1997, he joined IIT Bombay as a faculty in the Department of Electrical Engineering and continues to be associated with the institute. Since then, he has held several administrative positions including Dean (Faculty Affairs), Professor-in- charge, IIT Bombay Research Park, Head of the Department, and Head of the Computer Center
Prof. Karandikar's current research interests include frugal 5G and rural broadband, device to device communication, software defined networking, network function virtualization and 5G core network, and quality of service and resource allocation in wired/wireless networks. His large research group comprises research scientists, engineers, scholars and senior managers. They have together developed several pathbreaking technologies. In 2002, he co-founded and incubated Eisodus Networks in IIT Bombay's business incubator. The aim was to develop metro Ethernet switch for broadband access network. Later, the company secured investors' funding and in 2007, became a part of Tejas Networks.
Prof. Karandikar has 20+ patents to his credit, papers in international journals, contributions to IEEE, 3GPP standards and contributed chapters in books. He has been an invited speaker in national and international forums. He has led 20+ sponsored research projects with industries and government funding agencies and served on numerous national committees as an expert member and advisor. Currently, he is working as a consultant to provide technical expertise in design and implementation of BharatNet, Government of India’s flagship initiative under Digital India program.On 18 April 2018, he took charge as the Director of IIT Kanpur, his alma mater. 
Prof. Rishikesha T Krishnan
Director, IIM Indore
 
Prof. Rishikesha T. Krishnan, Ph.D. serves as a Member of Advisory Board at YourNest Capital Advisors Private Limited. He is an Independent Director on the Boards of Smartlink Network Systems Ltd., Halbit Avionics Pvt. Ltd., and Sundaram BNP Paribas Asset Management Co. Ltd. Prof. Krishnan is a Consultant to, or conducted management development programs for, British Telecom, Daimler Chrysler, Wipro, Siemens, Sasken Communication Technologies, the Murugappa Group, the Aditya Birla Group, Kochi Refineries and the Governments of India and Karnataka. He is a Professor in the Corporate Strategy & Policy Area and JamunaRaghavan Chair Professor of Entrepreneurship at the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB). Prof. Krishnan is a member of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Science and Technology Task Force, the Advisory Council of CII's National Innovation Mission, and on the jury of Nasscom's innovation awards. He is a member of government committees to review the performance of the National Innovation Foundation, and to study The Future of Aviation and Aeronautics in India. He is a Director at IIM Indore. He has done external reviews of the plan schemes of India's Department of Scientific & Industrial Research and the Department of Biotechnology's SBIRI scheme. He is a trustee of the Foundation for Excellence India Trust. He served as a Director of IBOF Investment Management Private Limited. Prof. Krishnan writes extensively. One of his important contributions has been the book “From Jugaad to Systematic Innovation: The Challenge for India” published in February 2010 which identified the challenges faced by India in enhancing industrial innovation and proposed an agenda to enhance innovation output. Prof. Krishnan earned an M.Sc. in Physics from the Indian Institute of Technology at Kanpur; an M.S. in Engineering-Economic Systems (now Management Science & Engineering) from Stanford University. He holds doctoral qualification from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad
 
Dr. Anil Kumar Nassa
Member Secretary, NBA
 
Dr. Anil Kumar Nassa obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Textile Chemistry from the Technological Institute of Textiles, Bhiwani, Master’s Degree in Fibre Science and Technology and Doctoral Degree on the theses titled “Technical Education System: Accreditation Process and Improvements” from IIT, Delhi. He served in different capacities in various Textile Industries. He joined Department of Higher Education,Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, in 1990 and was working as Deputy Educational Advisor (Technical) before joining National Board of Accreditation as Member Secretary. Dr.Nassa has dealt with various important development schemes of Technical Education in the Ministry of HRD, AICTE and has contributed significantly in the planning, formulation and implementation of various schemes of Technical Education. He had been associated with the Approval and Accreditation of Technical Institutions/Programmes at Regional as well as at National level in AICTE. He has more than 10 research papers to his credit in reputed National and International Journals and National and International Conferences

 
Dr. AbhayJere
Chief Innovation Officer (CIO), MHRD, GOI
 
Dr. AbhayJeregraduated from Doctor BabasahebAmbedkarMarathwada University with a B.Pharm in 1996 and later went to doMSc.Tech inBioprocess Technology (Chemical Technology) from 1996 to 1998, atInstitute of Chemical Technology, under Mumbai University. Later in 2001, he did PhD in the field of molecular biology,genetic engineering and health sciences.Dr. AbhayJere, one of the prominent scientists in the country, in collaboration with the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), created the world’s biggest open innovation model- Smart India Hackathon. With an illustrious educational background and many achievements to his credit, Dr. Jere is the vice president of Persistent Systems, a software company. He serves as the Chief Innovation Officer (CIO) at Ministry of HRD, Govt. of India
 


 
Prof. FurquanQamar
Secretary General, AIU
 
Professor FurqanQamar, obtained his bachelor’s degree in Commerce in 1979 from Lucknow Christian Degree College. He completed his Masters in commerce in 1981 and was awarded Ph.D. in 1989 from University of Lucknow. In his present position as the Secretary General of the Association of Indian Universities (AIU), he is the principal executive officer of the largest and one of the oldest network of universities.  In his illustrious career, Dr. Qamar has held the position of the Vice Chancellor of the University of Rajasthan and the Central University of Himachal Pradesh. He has also served as Advisor (Education) in the Planning Commission of India.  Essentially a Professor of Management, he has keen research interest in public policy, planning, administration and financing of higher education and has numerous publications in journals of repute to his credit. Professor Qamar haschaired and been members of a large number of committees, working groups at the national and international level. Dr. Qamar, thus, brings with him academic eminence, leadership qualities and exposure to best global practices

 
Shri Sujiv Nair
CEO TASK, Telangana State
 
ShriSujiv Nair is a Chief Executive Officer for Telangana Academy for Skill and Knowledge (TASK). He has the unique distinction of conceptualizing and establishing TASK for enhancing the employability quotient of the youth in Telangana under the Department of ITE&C, Government of Telangana. He is also the Co-Convener for CII Telangana Higher Education and Skill Development Panel & Member of the Advisory Board of ICT Academy at NIT Warangal for South India. Overall Mr. Sujiv has global experience in managing and enabling human capital initiatives with both Indian and Multinational organizations in the field of Science & Technology, Information Technology, IT Enabled Services, Pharmaceutical and Manufacturing across the American, European and Asian continents.

 
Prof. S.C.Shasrabudhe
Former Director, DAIICT
 
Prof. S. C. Sahasrabudhe obtained his Ph.D. degree from Leningrad Univesity, USSR in the field of Communication/Signal Processing. His fields of interest include Communication and Microprocessor Applications. He served as the Chief Technological Officer at Global Telesystems Ltd. from December, 2000 till February, 2005 after which he became the Director, DA-IICT in March 2005. Prior to that, he also served as the Officiating Director and Deputy Director at IIT-Bombay. He served at IIT-Bombay from 1971 to 2003 in various capacities such as Head of Electrical Department. He has been awarded the Life Time Achievement Award in 2005 by IIT Bombay. He was also honored with the Fourth IETE Prof. SVC Aiya Memorial award for outstanding contributions in motivating research work in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering in September, 1998. He was also elected Fellow of IEEE and IETE.

 
Prof. D.R.Vaman
DRJ Telecommunications, MD, USA
 
Dr. Vaman is the co-inventor of the DCT patented, Kelquan. He is responsible for wired and wireless innovation at Digital Compression Technology where he currently leads the development of high-spectral-efficiency technologies.
Dr. Vaman’s career spans three decades of distinguished contributions to a vast array of mobile technology research including design of network management systems and low bit-rate speech coding, as well as digital speech interpolation. He established the ARO Center for Battlefield Communications Research (CeBCom) at Prairie View A&M and the Advanced Telecommunications Institute at the US Navy Center of Excellence.
Dr. Vaman also led the Megaxess Corporation (now MXC) as CEO in the development of a business ISP product, was the Chairman of the IEEE 802.9 Integrated Services LAN Standards Committee, and was instrumental in developing the first Management Information Base (MIB) elements for multi-services applications which became ISO standard. Dr. Vaman received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from City University of New York (1979); M.E. in Electrical Engineering from City College of New York (1975); M.Tech in Electronic Instrumentation (1972) and B.E. in Electrical Engineering (1970) from National Institute of Technology, Warangal, India.

 
Prof. Andrew Thangaraj
National MOOCS Coordinator for SWAYAM,IITM, Chennai
 
Prof. Andrew Thangaraj received his B.Tech in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras, India in 1998 and a PhD in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, USA in 2003. He was a post-doctoral researcher at the GTL-CNRS Telecom lab at Georgia Tech Lorraine, Metz, France from August 2003 to May 2004. From June 2004, he has been with the Department of Electrical Engineering, IIT Madras, where he is currently a professor. From Jan 2012 to Jan 2018, he served as Editor for the IEEE Transactions on Communications. Since July 2018, he has been serving as an Associate Editor for Coding Techniques for the IEEE Transactions on Information Theory.
Since Oct 2011, he has been serving as NPTEL coordinator at IIT Madras. He has played a key role in initiating and running NPTEL online courses and certification. He is currently a National MOOCs Coordinator for NPTEL in the SWAYAM project of the MHRD.
 
Prof. KannanMoudgalya
Education Technology, IITB Mumbai
 
Kannan M. Moudgalya is a professor of Chemical Engineering, Systems and Control, and Educational Technology at IIT Bombay. He obtained his B.Tech in Chemical Engineering from IIT Madras in 1980 and PhD from Rice University in 1985. Prof. Kannan has held the posts of Associate Dean (R&D), Head of Application Software Cell and Head of the Centre for Distance Engineering Education Programme at IIT Bombay. He is a Member of the Standing Committee of the National Mission on Education through ICT, MHRD, Government of India. He is a life member of ISTE and CSI, and a member of IEEE. Prof. Kannan is now devoting his time on spreading education on a massive scale, without quality dilution. He has been focusing on spoken tutorials, open source software systems, virtual labs and the low cost tablet, Aakash.
 
Prof. K. Srinivas, 
Head ICT & PMU, NIEPA, New Delhi
 
Prof. K. Srinivas, Head of ICT & Project Management Unit of National Institute of Educational Planning and Administration (NIEPA) a Government of India, Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) Institution in New Delhi. Prof. K. Srinivas holds a Ph.D degree in Computer Science and has been utilizing open source ICT tools and technologies in teaching, learning and student evaluation since 1990, both at the graduate and post graduate levels. His areas of interest are e-Learning, blended learning, MOOCs, Computer Applications in Project Management, e-governance. He is having more than 28 years of Teaching, Research, Industry and Consultancy experience.
His areas of interest are e-Learning, blended learning, ICT enabled Pedagogy, MOOCs and University wide Academic Cloud e-governance (ERP) Planning, Setup, Customization and Execution.
He is a valuable resource person and delivers skill based technical sessions/lectures across the country for Faculty Development Programmes, Refresher Courses and Orientation Programmes at UGC HRDCs in Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi University, JamiaMilliaIslamia, University of Hyderabad,Maulana Azad Urdu University, Hyderabad, Benarus Hindu University, Varanasi, Rani Durgavati University Jabalpur, Mysore University, Kerala University, BPS Mahila University, Kurukshetra University, Kashmir University, Sikkim University, North Eastern Hill University ( NEHU) , Guru Jambeswar University and other UGC HRDCs and Universities in India on e-Learning, MOOCs, e-governance and Computer Applications in Project Management. He also conducts teacher training workshops both at School Education and Higher Education across the country for teachers. He has written a number of articles on different aspects on university automation, e-governance, Training needs, etc., which have been published in research journals. He has also participated in a few International Forums and presented papers on various aspects of e-governance, Blended Online Mode Teaching, MOOCs etc.

Ms. DeepanwitaChattopadhyay
Chairperson& CEO, IKP Knowledge Park,Hyderabad
 
Ms. DeepanwitaChattopadhyay is a postgraduate in Electronics Engineering from the department of Radio Physics and Electronics, Calcutta University. After brief stints at the Centre for Applied Research in Electronics, IIT, Delhi and the Electrical and Electronics Engineering department, BITS, Pilani, she joined the telecom advisory practice of ICICI Bank Ltd. in 1994. As a telecom consultant, she advised both government agencies and the private sector on telecom regulation and policy, convergence issues, market forecasts and entry strategies. Her experience with knowledge driven sectors and interest in networking and knowledge management led her to head IKP Knowledge Park, the first professionally managed wet lab Research Park in India. AS Chief Executive Officer of IKP Knowledge Park, Ms. DeepanwitaChattopadhyayis responsible for creating an innovation and knowledge hub in India and the region. Her current interests are in setting a process for nurturing innovative companies and developing a sustainable innovative cluster. 
Shri Daniel Calto, 
Research Intelligence Elsevier, New York
 
As director of solution services for academic and government institutional markets at Elsevier Inc., Daniel Calto currently works with the North American SciVal consulting team and on special projects globally. He joined Elsevier in 2008 as the director of product management for the SciVal product team. He has a strong professional interest in research and development policies and their relation to economic growth, statewide economic development issues, research and development trends in East Asia, as well as how the changing global research landscape is reshaping the scientific enterprise. He has spoken on these and other topics at a variety of national and international conferences. Before joining Elsevier, he was the director of research strategy and director of research administration at Columbia University. He also worked as director of sponsored programs administration at New York University School of Medicine and in a variety of administrative and clinical positions at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York. He has a Master of Business Administration in finance and international business from Stern School of Business at New York University
 
Shri Vijaysekhar Reddy 
Elsevier, New Delhi
 
Shri Vijay Reddy is Solution Manager at Elsevier India, Gurgaon, since 2014. He is driving client engagements across South Asia for Elsevier’s suite of solutions, provides information and analytics. Vijay Reddy is helping governments, universities and corporates to evaluate and improve their research strategies, advance healthcare and improve performance. Holds a degree in engineering and a Master of Business Administration. Started career with APTECH limited, a global education and training company there by contributed to IT/ITES revolution in India. He then went on to work for Intense Technologies, setting up new businesses for the software products that are designed for digital business transformation. Primarily for Telecom & Insurance market segments, Vijay handled South India market and helped improving business processes for some of the leading players in telecom, BFSI, & other sectors like Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, GE Money & many more. After making a conscious decision to work in a field that allowed him to “add value” to society, Vijay joined NIIT Ltd. as Regional Sales Head (South) and successfully helped to turn the business around and provide Managed Training Services (MTS), which include custom curriculum design and content development, strategic sourcing, learning technology and advisory services to corporations, government, and institutions. He later worked as Zonal Head for Trimentus technologies (Start-up), Core Technologies, GS1 India (Global standards body) set-up by Ministry of Commerce, Government of India. 
